README.md, before:

# HotelManagementApp
The homework from Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We have been commissioned to create a hotel management application. We need a web portal that allows people to book an available room. We also need a desktop app for when they check in.
We need to create a minimum viable product (MVP) that will allow the customer to get going and to identify what features should be added later.

## Planning

### W Step
The homework from Lesson 4, W Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to walk through the application and pull out the important bits of information. Fully understand what needs to be accomplished.

### O Step
The homework from Lesson 5, O Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to open up the requirements. Look for what is missing and figure out what is needed. Identify what can be put off for a later version.

### U Step
The homework from Lesson 5, O Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to sketch out a basic user interface design. Don't be too detailed, just identify the basics of the pages/forms we will need.

Commit message:

Planning L Step
Identify and think through any tricky bits of logic. Think big picture here, not small details. Figure out if you don't know how to do any part of the app.

README.md, after:

# HotelManagementApp
The homework from Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We have been commissioned to create a hotel management application. We need a web portal that allows people to book an available room. We also need a desktop app for when they check in.
We need to create a minimum viable product (MVP) that will allow the customer to get going and to identify what features should be added later.

## Planning

### W Step
The homework from Lesson 4, W Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to walk through the application and pull out the important bits of information. Fully understand what needs to be accomplished.

### O Step
The homework from Lesson 5, O Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to open up the requirements. Look for what is missing and figure out what is needed. Identify what can be put off for a later version.

### U Step
The homework from Lesson 6, O Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to sketch out a basic user interface design. Don't be too detailed, just identify the basics of the pages/forms we will need.

### L Step
The homework from Lesson 7, O Step, of Module 9, Hotel Management App, of the Complete Foundation in C# Course Series from Tim Corey. We are to identify and think through any tricky bits of logic. Think big picture here, not small details. Figure out if you don't know how to do any part of the app.
